-------------------------------------------------------------     
              SERV-U END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
-------------------------------------------------------------


LICENSE AGREEMENT

Please read the Master End-User License Agreement below. If you do not
agree to the terms of this agreement promptly return your distribution
materials to the place you obtained them for a full refund or delete your
trial package.


RHINO SOFTWARE, INC. END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

This End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between you
(either an individual or a single entity)("CUSTOMER") and Rhino Software,
Inc. ("LICENSEE") for the software product "Serv-U", which include(s)
computer software, "online" or electronic documentation, and may include
associated media and printed materials ("SOFTWARE PRODUCT").

The LICENSEE has been granted the authority to sub-license the SOFTWARE to
you the CUSTOMER by Cat Soft ("LICENSOR"). The LICENSOR is an intended
third-party beneficiary and retains the right to enforce the EULA on its
own behalf.

By installing, copying, or otherwise using the SOFTWARE PRODUCT, you agree
to be bound by the terms of this EULA. If you do not agree to the terms of
this EULA, promptly return the entire unused SOFTWARE PRODUCT, including
all subscription updates that you may have received as part of the SOFTWARE
PRODUCT, to the place from which you obtained it for a full refund and/or
delete all files related to your trial demonstration version of the
SOFTWARE PRODUCT.


RHINO SOFTWARE, INC. SOFTWARE LICENSE

This SOFTWARE PRODUCT is protected by copyright laws and international
copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and
treaties. The SOFTWARE PRODUCT is licensed, not sold. The SOFTWARE PRODUCT
consists of product documentation, a server application identified here as
"SERVER", and support files individually identified as "COMPONENT" and
collectively referred to herein as "SOFTWARE".

GRANT OF LICENSE. Rhino Software, Inc. grants to you as an individual, a
personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to install and execute a
single instance of the SERVER on a single computer or on multiple computers
provided that there is no chance of concurrently running two or more
distinct instances of the SERVER simultaneously. You may install the
SOFTWARE PRODUCT without the SERVER on multiple computers as long as this
is solely for communicating with and administrating the SERVER.

TRIAL and REGISTRATION. You are granted the right to use the SOFTWARE
PRODUCT without registration solely for the purposes of evaluating the
performance of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT for a period of no more than 30 days.
If after that time continued use of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT is desired then
the SOFTWARE PRODUCT must be registered with Rhino Software, Inc. If you 
are an entity Rhino Software, Inc. grants you the right to appoint an
individual within your organization to use and administer the SOFTWARE
subject to the same restrictions enforced on individual users.

COPYRIGHT. All title and copyrights in and to the SOFTWARE PRODUCT are
owned by Cat Soft, its suppliers, or component vendors. The SOFTWARE
PRODUCT is protected by copyright laws and international treaty provisions.
Therefore, you must treat the SOFTWARE PRODUCT like any other copyrighted
material except that you may make one copy of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT solely
for backup or archival purposes and install the SOFTWARE PRODUCT on one or
more computers as limited by and outlined in the grant of license above.
You may not copy the printed materials accompanying the SOFTWARE PRODUCT.

THIRD PARTY COMPONENT LICENSING TERMS. Third party utilities, application
programs, and/or components designed to integrate with Serv-U are subject
to the license terms governing those products.

You may not reverse-engineer, decompile, or disassemble the SOFTWARE
PRODUCT, except and only to the extent that such activity is expressly
permitted by applicable law, notwithstanding this limitation.


DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY

NO WARRANTIES. THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF
ANY KIND. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, RHINO
SOFTWARE, INC. AND CAT SOFT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND ANY WARRANTY
AGAINST INFRINGEMENT, WITH REGARD TO THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT. THIS LIMITED
WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS. YOU MAY HAVE OTHERS WHICH VARY
FROM STATE TO STATE.

CUSTOMER REMEDIES. RHINO SOFTWARE, INC. AND CAT SOFT'S ENTIRE LIABILITY AND
YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY SHALL NOT EXCEED THE PRICE PAID FOR THE SOFTWARE. NO
LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL RHINO SOFTWARE, INC. OR CAT SOFT BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES
FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS
INFORMATION, OR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR
INABILITY TO USE THIS SOFTWARE PRODUCT, EVEN IF RHINO SOFTWARE, INC. OR CAT
SOFT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.